there are specialized people we can't find out what happens right
or this interference in the signal here from here from the palace of the dawn facebook
of that, right, with them, some people, team analysis, we are not with us either
something is happening isn't it supernatural not any difference is
happening forever I'll be here look at the trial yesterday at the tse that is being
judged in the action that was proposed by the pp by the cake by the marina aiming at
integration of the bolsonaro mourão plate so in september 2018 there is a page there
not had the bolsonaro women against bolsonaro there hackers entered there and would have
the transformed the bolsonaro page into women with bolsonaro can against for
As a result, these three parties went to court over the years to challenge the
because when changing a page on the internet from contra bolsonaro to to
bolsonaro interfered in the 57 million votes in the second round
the joke is alright come on the tsf nation judge the rapporteur so it is that
can gave for the filing of the I deserve to ask back asked for views to the
process and presented his vote where he separated saying that
and investigations should continue on who hacked the page
that moment until the question we will assume that finding out if joão da silva
here I have never seen in my life and has no connection with me and even if
had it, right, because he decided to hack that business there is to challenge
a plaque without comment also my judgment went on for another three minutes
of ministers voted until minister alexandre moraes asked for views until that
moment she 3 to 2 for the continuation of investigations to hold accountable
who was the rack that broke it right that made the change this guy is a genius
stay should be hired present at night goes to interfere elections take
an entry renaming a page he changed the region 57 million
voice for me and defeated hadade right we will apply for a visa
ae're 3 blue then against the archiving and missing there being more
come back and also the last one in that idea tie the vote there of the minister barroso
the muddy to see if the investigations continue and make it clear as
says there in the statements of the ministers is that the civil police of bahia is investigating the
question of the search to identify here is the rake could not find so now
if proceeding is being judged for the continuation of investigations the police
federal government will enter the field to find out who was the one who hacked this
miraculous page of women against bolsonaro turned to women with
bolsonaro who decided the second elections is pt pt the network right there at that
en psol bouza I’m just going to introduce myself I think now you’re going to say which one is
that followed the phenomenon of the 2018 elections that is already being studied both in
Brazil as well as abroad knows that one of the main characteristics
and then it was precisely decentralization that you
marketer there coordinating nothing you didn't have a team to say
of great experts what you had was popular support for the belief
popular was shown there in the most diverse ways people expressed
on social media they expressed themselves on the streets and me creating new forms of
support you right here in prison even if you were the supporter if I had done
then, in this nonsense of entering the community in front, it doesn't change anything and
even if it was your responsibility, it wouldn't be anyone's responsibility now
if they think you just allocate like that 47 thousand I don’t know how many
meters had in that community the vote for you, shouldn't you also
to be responsible for the electoral polls that they attributed to millions of
voters a position you said you would lose to any
candidate in the second means that he would not go to him that
is for anyone who was you did not study with me
it really is matheus active there on the part of that party and wanting to decide with
the captain I think we are worried but it doesn't fit
prosper an action in that sense that does not exist we stay until that until doctor
respect to the tse that has an obligation to investigate things but not understand this
this collection is not even carried forward now those who voted
the 3 to 2 who voted for continuity does not mean that if you find out there
came back in front he cut it through the lap of the plate although I saw a
I deserve to speak for the same saying that if you discover any connection in this haku
even it would be liable to be annulled is there is a ship that left Bethlehem today
stop towards the paranoia of that saw our our queen of damas gives this
navy ship is full of basic food baskets until you get there
and will pass in the city of afuá and nuada is this ship that the basic ones
donated by carrefour and association of supermarkets in são paulo also has a
sponsor economic box ship to box so as not to lose to other inss
pays social benefits placing your from your stops up to the island of
marajó so give it to a lot of people it’s a holiday there for our to give more she’s
there on the ship sailing, you know, just obviously really sailing is to make a
the social actions along the most needy files that had their problems
aggravated is not only with the plant he denied screens having side effect of
pandemic that brought you and income ignition jobs in the informal to
decrease in industrial activity is also the closing of trade
sponsored by the governors so it is logically there damares work is
for retail for all of ours is different here I think it's worth it
we mention that we have some and knowledge that goes against the grain
that has been said by the press so we have seen for example organizations
international companies such as the world bank, the cd recognizes the work that has been
done by the federal government in the fight to the fore he has already been given to be released
recently showing that brazil has invested in the fight against anemia and the relief
also to the effects of isolation and everything else twice as many emerging countries
as Brazil itself and a value above the average of the advanced countries the
emergence of the advanced countries that are there today is certain in the g20 will invest
less than brazil as determined by you, it is also worth saying that it was
recognition of a situation of public calamity already in January before
even at the carnival what was the critical point there perhaps to contain the
spread of the virus in the country and in addition to a number of other measures
that who helped preserve jobs and mitigate the impacts of you says the
disastrous measures taken by other authorities to take advantage of the program of the
young dripping pan is accompanying us there I asked those my
facebook is blurry huh makes technique is facebook on things d2540 me when
end our participation everything I ask you to tune in there on the radio
young pan pingo nos is right for you to follow up to the comments that
will do after this passage we here also focus on brazil what
want to channel the youtube channel focus on brazil also focus on brazil ok with 10
thousand the street continues here in tokyo the actions of
who the world health organization is a version that right all the time right
and to the left, right, it's fluctuating quite contradictory, it's already gone up
positions there is favorable isolation finding food favorable to
marcia contrary to peluso mass was contrary to experiments for colatin
then favorable the differences to hydroxychloroquine and the penultimate of that
that you get the last one is the issue of transmission because of asymptomatic
first said that asymptomatic people the chance to pass on to someone else is
almost zero a and then did not fail to admit but
said the money there is the transmission who knows 0.012 so tomatoes are ok
said that to confuse and it was not expensive right it was not clear to say until
point that researches arrived ta the observations arrive simply almost
transmission is impossible and after that transmission is possible and if
possible it can be every one million not to transmit it escapes ok but it is the ms not
understand lost credibility the trump price came out of ms million thing we
we bought united states was the largest resident laboratory withdrew from
placement asked for an investigation even we have a group of
countries that brazil is part of well requesting an investigation
regardless of driving could be on the part of the oms which is important to remember
that also kept with money the Brazilian much smaller but that comes
doing all this confusion all this president thing of the people
asymptomatic is a lot of people here in brazil i'm saying i said
coastal the ms speech was not what happened that look he will see clear
she saying we have received data from a number of countries that track the
asymptomatic people her contact with other people some can
we found that the transmission of these cases is very rare, practically
inexistent that who said was the head of the technical team to combat
coronavirus inside the ussr after they saw that that didn’t get right here in
case there with a political approach that they had given came to speak but there is no
how to know who is asymptomatic and who is pre-symptomatic but these studies cited
she made this differentiation and now shows a person
asymptomatic after so many days ok, you can have contact and the load
viral is very low and will not have any risk
and if you have a case here for example the man is infected he is like this taking his
wife the kids no i get this despite sleeping in the same double bed want to see
television was at home to see you don't let me have the one in front of me
here is a plague goat here mozart the money on the internet recently promoted
missing a polite presence here, he came from sergeant he got infected he found no
Yes, I’m almost at the end, I was worried because there was little time and at home
and it is the typical case of so tomato quina a
wife and children they didn’t take it because it’s like taking it only if someone else
it wasn’t asymptomatic that the ends of the yarns and for example have some
contact, right, your family, it's worth it, of course, here on the side of the whole
world will be fashion barn farm in ceará the square and explanations on rear data
so it started at Globo TV Globo always enhances anything that
we are the television space that has nothing to talk about everything is against but
the data started to be presented later but every day didn’t serve to
making the national newspaper is not what to do soon after is explained no
it was only at that meeting of ministers that there was the last one our tuesdays has
as on the same day he was wanted by the deputy there in bed the is potassium and if
it came out very well explaining there I say why it changed not the methodology anymore
changed anything for help if it was clearer you have to say almost
died that day ok and my wife that load of works that came from days
ok I have to be diluted in the previous days you public on the side
getting there is also too much information x people who lost their lives
unfortunately because of the hi virus it's very clear used in real time will
arriving already putting it there until it completes the last unit of the federation must be ok
closed the painting you want there and announcing it while the
data for your nothing again is that we want to hide numbers from
started comparing us with venezuela thanks tv compare with venezuela with korea
from the north is that the other country over there is communist and she said that responding
nobody that this hair has no problem it is not that it regrets it is not we take
dying 10 weeks right it will be a thousand bills saw there now will remember
what we are investigating is that there is a lot of data that arrives, right, population
complains that the person practically a series of health problems are in
death so far family god is alive had not contracted the virus and
appears at death as an invitation 19 this is not a person the case are dozens of
cattle per day I arrive in that sense I don’t know what happens, you know what they want
to win with that, okay, I come from the guys, you can only go out just enjoying it
then the people who die for your power for that and are blaming the federal government
look there is no way to prevent this disease this is the other what actually happens
those who contracted the virus have dampness which is old age are
weaker people the possibility of entering as soon as it is very large and
the federal government is able to do to contain everything that from the beginning and
the flattening of the curve was talking about here, the isolation had to happen
so that if people looked in hospitals here that have lotteries and
also the respirators the information that we have may be misleading
but in full big step right no one
lost his life with loose leaves vacuum cleaner the reader may have happened
at home another one more including the information arrives for us
the field hospital hen near you has a public hospital right ah
sora valeu has filming a lot of people doing it is more people have to do
to show if the milks are busy or not right if the expenses are compatible
or it doesn’t give everything that comes to me on social networks in this d'ajuda we do
a filter and forward it to and say federal police or for me I’ve seen
there he did what to do with the data so it's close I can't take ricardo who
arrives not knowledge I step forward it has to be for intelligence
of them analyzed and opened the investigative process whether or not we want
this story is true now you are good that you can see got to the city of
you see there is respiratory failure heart disease now I don't know what is that the
video comes in as just invite no people who die with the invitation the alleys
video I know it's hard for you to part ways out never machine we don't want
are numbers that do not match you with seeing have to do with the truth
and then you don’t need about this narrative that they tried to force that there was the
guests try first that you want possible because everything that the
the federal government does is update the data, that is, it has no sources
alternatives of the data evidently does not compare to north korea any
this nonsense what steals it was a mechanical technical error has already been fixed
the data are made available and that it was born precisely from this process of
programmatic data correction the minimum just jokes explained above also
I believe in his latest press conferences but basically selling this issue made us
a confusion there between the deaths actually occurred in the last 24
hours with lots totaled so according to choose to differentiate a thing from
another also review the wrong data as you spoke and show to the
population that many of these data need to be demystified and how the
people like to quote the ms the pro the ps has a tip there that the data accuracy
selection of more detailed cases we need to understand which ones have as
skills which do not have which communities are these that didn’t come
being done with from the determination of the lord I'm sure that we will
have much more accurate data now and that go from there to health professionals to
ability to understand and in the morning of a land thing we will raise it to
population in a thoughtful way over there state same são paulo that made forward look
and give everything closed until my eldorado paulista right old you don't have more than
three thousand inhabitants to a quarter there for the video is one of
inhabitants is much bigger than Minas Gerais present, but that didn’t leave
much less so if the accommodation closes it is less deaths this store that is
the numbers were inflated on the one hand, right
and I'm not very much in need of anything else that's going on and
old certificates and the question of where does the participation of the federal government come in
to decrease the number of mother-in-law optics on social networks, special cardiac right
of banana we go on the street profile of him half who is there behind 13 of the book
all these things so it is logically there already know if the person is going to talk
always [ __ ] there because the main thing to enjoy a little less is to
believe not to miss getting culture much smaller than the mass there but those numbers
has to be as close to the child's reality as it is real for you to do the
calculating the region of campinas jundiaí presents you have to know that it's
something abnormal happening that you are doing there I say that you are doing it in sentences or not
it is only necessary a sub notification has to know which case of the convention form in the
face I will not speak at least do not have that he was little time in the ministry
that starts but taking into account the previous minister these numbers there is not
and he was selling fish every day and he stays at home.
kneading science focus but I don’t look at this one
like the one-handed person, okay, but there, there is a slip of the
collection of a sword pandemic then he was excited by the globe, you know that
he was the customer of the globe liked liked the intelligence paid nothing
staff against him for sure in other areas worked very well good luck
a few more letters is there was some exaggeration by the lust of those numbers
that time because the goal was to sell the dread right and nowadays
talking each one will do it a little while now she is isolated from belém to the island
from marajó she sees rapporteur is the last journey the beginning i'm already personally to
me also the increase in domestic violence increase in
I’m going to go from child abuse to depression problems, an explosion in
number of divorces and I go from yours also to the jacket a couple forever
right I married him twice the one who was arrested with two times you wait in
no couple arrives ok it's gotta work it out i'm already i tried a
two until fair already the fault of the man or woman who separate or have already paid
you still don't need to answer the delegate the way to be objective you get married is because it is
happy and you want to get married I will see why you said you have to get married to be
even more in the boy who ran a minor there was
true I don’t even know about business is married two children very happy and happy or
unhappy a difference the wrong you are and then
and if you are married thanks and you happy very kitchen room and
hi all right look just look at this excitement is awareness when we
to say that if we look at a really scientific attitude towards
throughout history we can see that the quarantine of
sick people is even in old books with the bible itself we
takes in numbers the procedure of quarantining people with letter by
example in other sources of ancient religions we will find this now
the total quarantine of society had never been practiced as proposed in that
Our science comes to science instead of science it never seeks something that
has not been tested and whose calculation was not you can see you talking to the
others that I talk about right common sense of I am sure you have to I
press boot give an always final beauty tomorrow on saturday gave a way out
with the press on my side of the front visit here look
in some cities the skin that will no longer be humble go and get into the house
of people and ask how is life not leaving us open we will
choose with the street thing I chose to show everything guy saying is like
you have reported here in my house under the husband only my son had anyone
more to see you and now of proven cream on about
coronavirus so everything you talk about now is this
and from time to time someone still has a break, right? I can't use the
hydroxychloroquine that has not been scientifically proven has not gone green
medicine is this if a is a pill is not blue from anitta anitta anitta anitta you have
people asking for a strength in our minister of science and technology is has
the state this is an anvisa protocol and some hospitals and it has given results
also i think it even hurts better than the curtain because it removed it killed her game and and
fighting the expansion of the river has only worked now, chloroquine is the
favorite medicine of famous doctors, we get it from my secretary
health secretary of são paulo rio de janeiro not for him so i'm only at the dr
carlinho said i'm stupid right david with fall who is the team's doctor
dollar crowns but didn’t say he could speak it wasn’t hydroxy
I would be lying you don't say it here now it was doc would be fired now
more recently leaked the recipe that we two letters he stays on the street here
it's not cheap, right, the people stay at home, stay at home, right, and another one in the protocol of
Ministry of Health and said that I could only use this one in serious cases
and then you take a snakebite you’ll take it we’ll give it a little more time
here to see if the venom's effects are not that severe you have to
take right at the beginning so let's go the same in relation to comes nothing proven sense
that we worked now has been in Brazil that the prohibition of
hydroxychloroquine is a few senators from the pt filed a petition in tcu
to render that recommendation of the Ministry of Health ineffective in
regarding the use of hydroxyproline, if it had entered there
o and showing you another alternative you could even think about it now whoever wants
of those who do not want to take the pill that I do not change s
I'm not even going to talk about Brazil, say capitu, my mother is 93 years old
there are family members there and the doctor from the city she is here is
There are several cities, right? She’s there in Paracatu, upsetting about the big Cajati and the
gilt is in the brother's house but is more stopped in the municipality at the moment if
has to start to reach, right, she will have prescribed it by a doctor to take
enough it was not no I will not wait for my 93-year-old mother to get worse
a situation because I'm not sure here but it must be weighing about 40 and
pretty skinny sure my mom has some health problems let me record
to open myself so that the work is that hunger there, drugs will take right and
family adhesion
green for my mom to take delivery until president donald trump his mouth me
reported to the press and she also asked you to pick up your phone using the
preventive preventive prof today I didn't take anything not if I already I
I think it has already been contacted what is given the way that an airplane turns to do in
states in the role of 23 was not there and I called there too I will also leave
is hello alright but within that
report from the bandeirantes that explains exactly how uber hello
continuing here ministry of communications and communications takes
communication of the presidency of the republic program he sure catch the
boy from science and technology another part of the government scar more sources
and there was a part of it already hamas and another part there was no increase of 1009
not even a post was created heaven is my channel to talk ah but created the post of
the minimum wage would also be made by Fábio, he was already appointed Minister of Communications
he if he can choose to receive a deputy's salary gives him up
home eats risk so the cost is no increase in costs
the intention is obviously go dry go there then be there you go right
try to improve government communications but the great job of this
ministry is is the communications that I am not in Brazil we have ahead of
collection of the 5g we already know the egg monita are mine
that talks about interference, right, my guidance and buying the cd is in these
and in this collection and we can be sure we will make the best deal taking into account
account several aspects not only the economic sometimes the cheapest not
I mean it is the best right and not always the most expensive can be better
we too will meet the requirements of national sovereignty for the security of
information in data security and also our our our policy
external part also comes into this question something from the daughter I presented this
even if there is a lot of talk in the 5g press, but from the beginning, you determined
that it was national criteria that took into account economics it took
evidently taking into account the communications area in brazil the need for
new technologies plus also national security the security
the privacy of the people who surf the networks there and the freedom of those
can use social networks and now the flags most dear to you since the
time that the current with parliamentary look when it was voted and approved the landmark
internet civilian got it, i did what i could otherwise but the vaco climax none
I have to be free, I doubt anyone since before I was president, I picked up more
social networks than I am during my pre-campaign and time campaign
all of them films call me a racist misogynist of not liking northeasterners is
easy to imagine everything right you even saw the campaign video among others from pt
during the campaign that glass intentions a minute a girl appeared
maybe 20 years old, right, with the swastika mark on the belly, it's not scoring there
sleep there the pt did campaigns imagine the tattoo
and the gillette on the body of the great thing, well afterwards it was seen that according to the expertise
that she only finds really marked with razor, right, a blade was she
did to her with a third party with her consent that on the day of a
mark a little bit deeper if you are going to make angry at hard a
swastika, right, it wasn’t that person at that time, you would need no more
it would happen here the pt used it widely against them the difficult the pt
say your dreams that I would end the ox end the Bolsa Família but this
delicacy can can if it can't be yours from the Bolsa Família okay I'm going to end
with the will ban video games was worth helium was learning video games for
trying to play the kids complement against the disabled I returned account
disabled now wait a minute and the page there and it has to be removed
I am I don’t have a good thing there’s no good thing like that, I hope that
make sure everything is going to be going to be all right pressure is released we defend the
any time the supreme is judging the collection of
and the inquiry said who fed it like that
who used my party name to get elected and don’t think I’ve ever had a two
seeing this guy was a lot and also the others from alexandre fleet
now we go every day is I get to the person’s house looking for
thinking to say why she activity the side here in the same
the inside pocket doesn’t have access to the process so I see it in the media
investigation was not conducted by a federal police delegate was forced to
civil police are using the media and that was the situation also for the attorney general
the union has a lot of weird things this month and it has to be right and we know that
had a respect for the laws now the first place our a this post
we must respect the population continues the trial at the supreme next week
something that has already happened in the trial of tse o
here, the electoral justice prosecutor gave a favorable opinion on the evidence
supreme inquiry can be used in that inquiry the test is i hope
that everything be done in the light of the legislation that do not abuse what no one can
admit to being aware is because of your violated intimacy to answer a
process perhaps and coordinated by that kind of evidence that is evidence among the
that are being produced this obviously only makes public opinion
more and more hostile to this is this the one here this is that that utility
good so that's it i hope everything works out right because we here on my side
side here we always have on the side of the law of order we always defend our
building democracy freedom and we have more with a right we have a duty to
demand that everyone without exception is to have a line similar to ours has after all
accounts there is not a single word of mine in the sense of seeking to censor the media
controlling the media there is not all governments to have existed and not only does
institutions is integral inscriptions with life itself believed i believe
which is very veiled comes the days of the time that I'm attacked
Livia, right? It's like the story with the cricket, the Bible in the playpen, and that was worth it.
beaver alice now just sells out of there put no one is not obliged here for him
yesterday I came back around midnight almost midnight I stayed about 40 minutes
chatting none the 45 years of company for quiet conversation in the reflection and
nothing because it starts healthy I don’t know in certain people of it a certain lake of
press to make it hellish to provoke and I avoided is to talk to this
kind of professional between quotation marks leaves it tight, you know here globe
standard sheet and common value cut a few weeks 25% loose personal then
now preparing to give more occurs I'm not holding the event also for
because of the way it deals with the serious pressure that selection
and it’s possible to release the pressure, there is no discussion about some things I
yesterday I selected a bill cu8rso will be published already painted
tomorrow's union I even voted on facebook I don't know if you use more social media than
come I get a 79 called the liquidators' perry, that is, if it weren't enough
superpowers for governor and mayor that a few years have all been
a few extrapolated to understand by arresting people on the beach
square is I don't have to take it in Ceará
determined the military police to remove the flag of brazil from cars a
for what I do the military police will respect the whole class of Brazil this
type of death is used if you buy the one working in Brazil there will be
on the pass here feel like doing ue that cuba flag read the scythe and
hammer has no problem no access so the collection of da liberty
expression is priceless and even if I say live the testimony there testimony
I don’t return donizete de morais there long ago judging in high points possible of
of a project a law voted in the national congress is in the sense that
that they couldn’t they didn’t want some parliamentarians who didn’t have
varnish mockery and leaves with that hour that does not want to face it does not
apply stay at home stay at home she behind I have at home
soon now bro i sold it has only allowed protocol close to the wisdom but only
quickly on the subject of fake news then yours remains a victim of fake
news recently invented for example that the job is done smart the
tongue joke by the question that is called lord ravier bolsonaro
then they made another fake news and saying that the streak had given
one speaks or is stopped following you on social networks that the other
lie as much as we do here we live with you wake up
daily is to laugh at these games in those less than ignored
there was a Brazilian company with the series that worked and said that it’s a good thing that
state did not follow the police brazil so proportionally died even
well and who is responsible for the police here
of isolation and everything that has to do with the behavior of the people their
governors and mayors the federal supreme court ruled it was not
provocation of mine that this is exclusive competence of government
good then crossing he said that right, I answer now look really
the mayor's government policy here if it’s so bad I’m going to pass the said that
the answer is within our all guarantees what resource we should
get the gas all that not only with health is debt rollover is
bailout for municipality internship is money at the end of the line for to
you avoid that even many employees arose brazil will arrive at the house
a trillion reais the third installment to be made next week you already marked the
the date you pay the third and in principle the last installment of the bailout
emergency of 600 reais are bringing together just over 50 million people who
who receives and gives one is 600 you know I know 650 there 30 times but you thing is bigger
with a lot of people realize twice up to 1,200 sells come this whole week and
other things goes for nothing and above that of R $ 45 billion, right, so we must
you know you’re still delaying them, people here are there in the fine mesh
reach the first three months at 150 billion reais people want our
intending is to increase the best two installments already ok
and there was already a consensus here I take the bike, right, boy, I don't know about 600, we can't
spend another 100 billion reais as you would like if you could
call but if not the activities a lot we
and we extrapolate our life capacity even though we have the Selic rate drops
on the inside the interest rate is long-term has dropped a lot if we are not careful to
selic can go up right back to him in the records of brazil right from the staff
what is called legalized moneylending, the box of john rises and falls more and more
that us wealth goes to pay interest on the debt that is to say and the misfortune sees there if
Brazil has no personal break for anyone, no one for anyone and we
there has to be responsibility there that we are going to have executive power is the power
he already had to the judiciary that also interferes many actions that in my
understanding didn't have to be gone forever and in bed presents let's go one
a proposal arrives and two out of 300, but you don't want to change it to 400 500
back to 600 is what will be the decision day in brazil part in the do not break right
and if paying another 16 years the last tip that I too employees
right is the wind, now there is a lack of responsible governors to look for a way to
april starts you can't stay in this situation anymore is rio de janeiro after
of the operation of the federal police governor opened everything is close I type
when it passes in the state of the post of eggs is doing opening the trade
and I don't have inside information never lying any rita he doesn't
talk about the house moves she made a north tower in look these states here has
price divider and there will be a probe for it's close
spend the day that one has privileged information, right or else it has or else
sorry crystal powder time serum would make you part of the press that does that
with the open and logical house that all Brazilians who have been paying attention to
political situation the country could do and wine making including those
that happening in my state january is champion and is not today I
I spoke to her hello you I don't know you want
that I stay at home and take over the determinations of the ms sms, there it is together, right and
stay at home is because the operation is ending here so people’s lives don’t
is priced and take the prizes will be the majority of
melissa correct i resolve what is happening is not fair is you do
search and seizure is already wrong to do with the cami anyone with an eye on the house of
whoever follows me who supports me on the other side forgets and I hope that since it came out on
media so far where joyce roça is going to make expertise not only hers
prove it but it's just you the pressure in her house is ok and these other two
parliamentarians also that of the psl that and takes through their testimonies there
at cpm fake news cpm serve as a basis for this investigation there from your
alexandre address take this I think it is important to say that the measures
asked about these people are not because they are fake news here
the cream made and you do not want to exist but because there are creams there that
are already in the penal code, for example, there is talk of forgery of documents
cpf to create multiple accounts multiply other cousins ​​like libel slander
everyone that already has our penal code ours our legislation already gives
account and today with us you know there is still no crime of fake news it
pass if it exists will not retroact to reach and those people who have done
what she always accused us of doing me only when I'm done here
end up putting it in the back there in the drop is us
the young pan radio I put it here I want to hear what zé maria the wire uses and
have the advantage more you didn’t talk about me you have to talk well so I’ll
cut the signal for you to hear that they say that you enjoy a lot with
three people also who responsible who who takes seriously the issue of
communication there you can really believe that they are saying that
which is true i don't want sensationalism in this issue which is
very serious issue of the pandemic what it really takes right away from our
kinda those are more just more sensitive or older people have more diseases are
those we owe our lives to they are going to leave one day so you know
of that unfortunately i will not leave one day but that has a dignity until the last
the day of his life the don will be in the sun radio young
pan on selfie best thing just that present also a focus site from brazil
I don't know if you have commented on paying a mission running to the focus of Brazil that
it happens there that this person who doesn’t know him knows the choice of
old Brazil from Brazil is not because he speaks because he speaks the truth he changed ok
it’s our facebook that has a policy of 29 thousand for facebook of 2008 bi
it's how low it is because you don't talk all the time, you don't know about the cancellation
political sheet 7,500 pingo nos is 45 thousand brazil stock 19 saw any old
thing my brother he is something more there not only am I here in the mp of the videos
folks i forgive already the site's bill and it was born there at the congress i don't know
who was the author and we are eight articles but look just writing here the
attractive is that the law will be published tomorrow with the eight verses first
powers the liquidator if you present was there
and with his family taking a coca guaraná the coca-cola tubaína eating there
the pastelzinho in the common area of ​​the condominium simplifies getting there is over
then look home everybody so it was put your hand for little worth
if you bring the [ __ ] take a birthday party with 10 people each
with 2 meters from each other, even so, the liquidator must arrive there will not have
birthday party with two months back is over the game is going up
for your apartment not to go up fine the question of the parking area not
has nothing to do with is directly with the issue of the virus he
I could say it's not a car from another city. It can't stop in here.
want to invent the sea there an installment fee in the car of the license plate of another
municipality lost a site on a tractor in the area
this is the dictator of the area and obviously cheese I do not intend to increase because
if something similar should be presented at the condo there at their meeting in
their convention is just participate vote and decide to put and published the convention there
I milk I will not interfere anything else between one building and the other neutral
one village and another the difference is a way there in there in para for example there in the land
from the éder ball there in belém the selfie and another one here from tony santa's career
catarina to a huge difference until he temperature is ok another one of the
hotter humid amazons so the new difference doesn't have to path to
same letter everyone else me and prefer to intervene in condominium is
extremely parliamentarians keep this ours the day before yesterday it was voted
another project which has to do with the use of a mask
multi setra I haven't had access yet because we have 15 days to sanction or
veto that all the impact that we are going to analyze
and it seems that there is something weird there I want to see first to talk to
property next week say that the piece of this project and what perhaps
we will be or not but it seems that something over there that extrapolates a little bit
do not understand the role of the state accept the camera thinks paper many times that the
laughter that I do mending and other times to correct what they do is
vetoed and after keeping it I don't see democracy like that so we have to
people now popular participation the pressures the comments the months can
practical view taxes is essence of democracy what the guys we leave the
pocket nickname this is what you think of the ball he called a bozo
the original good must have over 70
10 hair for him is bald he made a video half a dozen minutes talking right
of the pride that he had him personally
and this obviously you have to treat anybody authority for due
respect and we know that there is a lot of respect for the person
if you think but it’s not because of that that I wanted to talk
bill to likely make any decision so that that person is
comes to be arrested until his house invaded one day because of that my life
social my facebook i basically want facebook how much is something
very offensive there guy says [ __ ] I put the I blocked the 40 a day
I am ahmed there that at night the same on the internet 2:30 a day I do
my job i basically walk on facebook i want you to download the book a
block people go whoever wants at my door I want too I send to
the space there I don’t make certain games there because it lends there to
wickedness go there take it and lead to wickedness then make a joke over there
that's exactly why sometimes I work, she deserves it too, right?
because to avoid the guy changing the comment below, there is mine
answer down there how can he a voter is treated this way ok
speaking of internet the expression wanted to mention that the staff we are
watching about the success of the ministry of education program on
literacy offering there via internet method of literacy
what parents work with their children at home contrary to fra methodologies
cassadas de paulo freire has been led by carlos nadalim secretary
literacy and it has already been a great success online course draws practices from
Literacy is one of the ten actions of the Time to Learn program and the account
200 thousand subscribers 200 m tamires there we work content at home and already had
more than 2 million accesses, thus bringing content to families
free so that they can help better literacy of children
people also erring to go out to the young pan pingo nos is augusto nunes zé
maria and who uses altar keeping an eye on you without ok ok a hug everyone until
next Thursday if god wants and then